First, talk to the nurse to see
what her exact needs are and
to get the exact item information.
Next, research to see if the item is currently carried
or a substitute can be used.
If so, supply this item to the nurse.
If not, check to see if the item is on VA Excess
and obtain it that way.
Be sure to set levels and create space
for the item in the primary and secondary areas.
In this case, the cardiac cath lab.
If the item is not available on VA Excess,
go to CPARC to get approval.
Remembering to communicate this information to the nurse
along with the time it will take to get the item.
Once you have received approval,
order the item for the area.
Next, receive the item into the facility
and set levels and create space for the item
in the primary and secondary areas.
In this case, the cardiac cath lab.
It is very important to remember
to communicate with the nurse during the entire process.